## Project Governance Meeting Note


### Meeting Name
- Xixels Governance Meeting Note 02


### Time 


- March 12 2023


### Location
- Telegram Group


### Attendees 


- Bernard
- Ryan
- Cid
- Lenna


### Agenda


1. Xixels Open Source License


### Notes


#### Xixels Licnese


Bernard: Welcome everyone to our second governance meeting! Today, we need to decide which open source license we should use for Xixels.


Lenna: What are the criteria we should use to make this decision?


Bernard: That's a great question! In my view, since Xixels is an open source gaming infrastructure, the license should allow and encourage more developers to build on Xixels. However, we also need to be flexible and have the ability to reserve some rights to prevent.competitive forking.


Lenna: So, what are our options?


Cid: I have a good understanding of the different types of open source licenses available. Let me provide some background knowledge.


(Cid provided some background information about GPL, MIT, Apache, BSL, etc.)


Ryan: Thank you, Cid. ​​What is our policy regarding a game developer who wants to use the Xixels engine library to create a game, but intends to release it outside of the Xixels ecosystem?"In this case,  my suggestion is to adopt the Business Source License (BSL) and set a Change Date that is 5 years later. Prior to the Change Date, Xixels DAO will review and authorize any requests for production use of the Xixels code.


Bernard: That sounds like a good idea!


Ryan: If we all agree, I can work on the license and publish it to GitHub.


Cid and Lenna: We agree!


### Action Items
- Publish Licese 
- Next Meeting Agenda
