## Project Governance Meeting Note

### Meeting Name
- Xixels Governance Meetingt Note 01

### Time 

- Feb 26th 2023

### Location
- Telegram Group

### Attendees 

- Bernard
- Ryan
- Cid
- Lenna

### Agenda

1. Project Launch
2. Review and approve the white paper
3. Programming model in consensus network
4. Recruit and support the game developers
5. Community members action plan and responsibilities

### Notes

#### Project Launch

Bernard: After discussion for several months, we all agreed to officially launch the Xixels project. The Xixels project will be fully community-driven. All development and operations activities will be discussed and decided by the community governance meeting. This is the first governance meeting, and all attendees are the initial members and early contributors to the community. Today is the official launch day of Xixels, let’s celebrate together!

#### Review and approve the white paper

Bernard: Based on the community's discussions over the past months, I have drafted the Xixels white paper called "xxx". Everyone should have received the paper from me before the meeting. Is there any objection to the content of the white paper or do all community members agree with it? 

Ryan: I agree with the current content of the white paper, but can the white paper be updated or modified in the future?

Bernard： Xixels is a grand and open-source game platform protocol that needs to be constantly developed based on the needs of users and developers. The white paper should also be updated in time to accurately reflect the status of Xixels. I suggest publishing the white paper on GitHub so that the community can track the versions of the white paper.

Cid， Lenna： Agree!

#### Programming model in consensus network

Cid: Although we have determined that the consensus network adopts weak verifiability, what kind of programming model is more suitable for developers? Can the serverless model meet the needs? In the serverless model, developers only need to write a synchronous server logic program. However, the program cannot reside in memory and cannot provide an asynchronous message mechanism.

Ryan: Serverless is not able to meet the needs of the development of game servers. In general, A typical game server needs to be able to quickly process messages from clients, and then return processed results asynchronously. The client updates the local game state according to the processed results so that it can keep consistent with the game server. Moreover, the game server needs to store data and maintain the state in memory, and then persist the state periodically to operate data transactions frequently. In addition, game logic often depends on the online status of the clients, which requests the server often maintain the session status of the client.

Cid: Based on the information provided by Ryan, we should provide a more comprehensive and message-based programming model, and also support sessions and other functions to best meet the needs of game developers and serve the common standard of game developers.

#### Recruit and support the game developers 

Lenna: We've talked to some game developers before, and they're all very interested in joining our community. Some even think they can migrate their web3 games, which are still under development, to the Xixels platform. My question is: what is the community’s attitude toward them? Showing purely neutral or providing some kind of official support?

Bernard: The Xixels certainly cannot exist without the support of game developers. It’s safe to say that if we want Xixels to succeed, we must continuously receive feedback from developers. In my opinion, the community should always welcome game developers. Our community is still at a very early stage with limited resources at this moment. What we can provide is more technical support, such as answering developers' technical questions or providing functions they need. Later, if Xixels has more resources and funding, we can provide more support, such as marketing resources or funding. Bernard also emphasized that the community should maintain its neutrality by treating all game developers equally and providing support with a unified standard.

#### Community Members' Action Plan and Responsibilities
Ryan shared his plan to develop a compatible game engine in the Xixels ecosystem. Cid will work on the infrastructure of the consensus network, and Lenna will work on community building. They agreed to hold governance meetings once every two weeks and organize agendas before the meetings. The meetings will be held in the Telegram group, and meeting minutes will be available to the community.

### Action Items
- Publish White Paper
- Announce Meeting Minutes
- Next Meeting Agenda: To be determined
