## Project Governance Meeting Minutes

### Meeting Name
- Xixels Governance Meeting Minutes 03

### Time 

- March 26, 2023

### Location
- Telegram Group

### Attendees 

- Bernard
- Ryan
- Cid
- Lenna

### Agenda

1. Xixels Logo
2. Which programming language should Xixels engine support?
3. Concerns from single-purchase game developers from Reddit

### Notes

#### Xixels Logo

Ryan: I suggest using the simple logo “X” for now. Do you like the one I used on Github?


Cid: Yea, I like it. We can use it now and may open for new ideas in the future. 

Bernard/Lenna: Agree.


#### Which programming language should Xixels engine support?


Ryan: The game engine code I've submitted to Github is from my previous work and  primarily used in the gaming industry. It mainly supports the Lua scripting language, so the first implementation will include a Lua virtual machine and support for Lua. Next, I plan to add support for JavaScript and TypeScript, currently popular scripting languages and more suitable for web development. During this process, we may also attract other developers to join the community.

Lenna: Sounds good. 
#### Concerns from single-purchase game developers from Reddit

Lenna: After I posted the Xixels whitepaper link on Reddit and got some feedback, which means Xixels definitely caught some attention from game developers and whoever is into new technology. One question really got my eye and I think we should discuss is: how the traditional single-purchase game works on Xixles? Does it need to be open source?

Bernard: As a decentralized and open-source network, Xixels doesn’t require degas to be open-source. So that the traditional purchase model still works. 

Cid: Xixels is composed of a consensus network and a game engine. Indie game developers have the choice to use Xixels just as a game engine for their creations and are not required to develop their games as Degas on the consensus network or make their game's code open source, that’s why we choose BSL.

Ryan: The Xixels game engine is highly modular. For example, the game engine I’m working on is open for all game developers and they can select specific modules, such as rendering or UI.   

Lenna:  Good points. I’ll answer on Reddit based on today’s discussion. 

Cid: We may also consider adding this as FAQ in the future. 

### Action Items
- Next Meeting Agenda

